For fully automated analysis, the application can be launched from the command line
by using the command 'MBC_PathNet.exe', followed by space-delimited arguments.
This will start the application, automatically execute the 'Clear, read & analyze' function,
and close the application upon successful completion.

Download third-party datasets
Ensure that you have downloaded all third-party datasets that will be needed based on your selections
in the parameter settings. If you generate the 'MBC_pathNet_parameter_settings'-file as described
below, without external modification, the application will inform you about missing third-party
datasets. For download instructions of third-party datasets, see 'Download_all_datasets..'-files.

Input data directory
The input data directory has to be specified using the '--input-dir' argument
(e.g., 'MBC_PathNet.exe --input-dir "D:/My_data_folder/"').
All found compatible data, background gene files and the parameter settings file in
the specified directory will be uploaded automatically.

Automatic upload of parameter settings
To define analysis parameters for automatic import into the application, copy the
'MBC_pathNet_parameter_settings.txt' file into your input data directory.
This file is generated by the application after each analysis and saved in the
'Input_data'-subdirectory within the specified results folder ('Save results in').
To quickly generate this file with default parameters, add at least one gene (e.g., AAK1)
into the 'Gene list'-text box and press the 'Add dataset'- and 'Analyze'-buttons.
If needed, parameters can be modified in the 'Ontolgy / Species'-, 'Enrichment'-,
'SCP networks'-, 'Set data cutoffs'-, 'Select SCPs'- and 'Define new SCPs'-menus
before starting the analysis. 

Selection of default column names in user data files
The arguments '--MBCO', '--Single_cell', '--Minimum' and '--Optimum' allow automatic
selection of the related default column names that are supported within the
'Read data'-menu.

Specification of custom column names im user data files
User-defined column names can be imported from the input data directory:
'--custom-1-column-names': Loads column names from Custom_1_columnNames_userData.txt
'--custom-2-column-names': Loads column names from Custom_2_columnNames_userData.txt

Only one custom column set (Custom 1 or Custom 2) can be specified at a time. Within
the related custom column names file, the column names in the user data can be mapped
to the dataset attributes within the application. For a template, use the 'Read data'-
menu, select 'Custom 1'- or 'Custom 2'-default column names and upload any dataset.
This can be quickly achieved by uploading the example dataset 'Neurite outgrowth' using
the 'Example data'-menu. Afterwards the 'Read data'-menu can be opened, followed by 
selection of the 'Custom 2'-column names and pressing the 'Read'-button. The specified
'Custom 2'-column names will then be saved in the file 'Custom_2_columnNames_userData.txt'
in the 'Datasets_generated_by_app'-directory. This file can be copied into the input data
directory, with or without external modification of the 'Column name in user data' column.
Dataset attributes with empty entries in the column 'Column name in user data'
will be ignored.
Ensure that there are always exactly 2 columns in the tab-delimited custom name file.
Even an empty entry (i.e. a string of length 0) in the 'Column name in user data'-field
has to be separated from the entry in the 'Attribute in the application' field by tab.
Every row has to contain exactly one tab. If neither argument to upload custom column
names is provided, the application will use default or previously used column names.
Any previously used column names are saved in the column 'Datasets_generated_by_app'-folder
under the same file names.
Please note that the application will search for those files in the specified input data
directory, when started in command line mode with the argument to upload custom column names,
while it will search for those files in the 'Datasets_generated_by_app' directory,
when started regularly.

Data analysis after data upload
If at least one dataset file was uploaded successfully, the application will proceed to analysis.
Any errors during the upload of potential other files are exported to the
'Command_line_error_reports.txt' file that is written into the 'Datasets_generated_by_app',
the given data input directory and the selected results directory (that can be specified in the
'Mbc_pathNet_parameter_settings.txt' file). Additionally, the error panel that can be opened
within the 'Read data'-menu will also contain a description of the errors encountered during
data upload.

Successful analysis
After completing an analysis without any encountered errors, the application automatically
closes and generates an 'Analysis_finished.txt'-file in both the 'Datasets_generated_by_app'-folder,
the given input directory and the selected results directory. Any of those files can be used by external
wrapper code as a signal to proceed. If errors were encountered, the application will not close,
allowing investigation of those errors.
When a new analysis is initiated (e.g., in command line mode), the application searches for and
delete all 'Analysis_finished.txt'-files from both directories. If necessary though, the file
that is used as a signal to proceed by an enwrapping program should be deleted externally before
launching the application from the command line.

Available arguments:
--input-dir "path": Specifies the directory containing input data, background genes, the parameter settings file 
                    and eventual user-supplied custom column names. This is the only mandatory argument.
--custom-1-column-names: Imports column names from 'Custom_1_columnNames_userData.txt' (recommended).
--custom-2-column-names: Imports column names from 'Custom_2_columnNames_userData.txt' (recommended).
--MBCO: Selects MBCO column names before data upload
--Minimum: Selects Minimum column names before data upload
--Singel_cell: Selectes 'Single cell' column names before data upload
--Optimum: Selects Optimum column names before data upload


Example:
'MBC_pathNet.exe --input-dir "D:/My_input_data/" --custom-2-column-names'
