Custom ontologies:

To upload any ontology that cannot explicitly be selected within the application, select 'Custom 1'
or 'Custom 2' in the ontology list box within the 'Ontology / Species'-menu. The appliation will
search the 'Other_datasets'-directory for two files.

The first file is a tab-delimiterd file that starts with 'Custom_1[or '2']_scpGeneAssociations_'
and ends with the selected species plus the extension '.txt' (e.g.,
'Custom_1_scpGeneAssociations_human.txt). Species can be specified using the following terms:
'human', 'mouse', 'rat', 'chicken', 'dog', 'pig', 'cow', 'zebrafish', 'frog', 'c_elegans' or 'fly'.

This gene-pathway annotation file should contain the two columns 'Scp' and 'Symbol' listing the pathway
names and annotated NCBI official gene symbols, respectively. Those column names are case sensitive.
'Scp' is an abbreviation for 'Subcellular process', i.e. pathway. While pathways are case-sensitive, gene
symbols will always be transformed into upper case letters, for simplicity.

If a species is selected in the 'Ontology / Species'-menu without supplying a species-selective gene-pathway
annotation file, the application will search for the human gene-pathway annotation file and map human genes
to the species genes using NCBI and, if available for the species of interest, MGI orthologues. For download
instructions of the necessary databases see 'Download_all_datasets_linux.txt' or '...windows.txt'.

Additional ontology background genes that are not part of any pathway (but extend the ontology background
gene set beyond those genes annotated to pathways) can be added under the SCP name 'Background genes'.
The 'Background genes' gene set will not be tested for enrichment of user-supplied gene lists. 

A second tab-delimited file, 'Custom_1_scpHierarchy.txt' or 'Custom_2_scpHierarchy.txt', needs to be
generated that contains the columns 'Child_scp' and 'Parent_scp'. This file allows specification
of hierarchical parent-child relationships. SCP names in both files are case-sensitive. It is not
necessary to add parent-child relationships for all SCPs specified in the related custom scpGeneAssociations
file or to add any at all. The only requirement is that the custom scp hierarchy file has a headline
that contains both column names, even if no rows will follow.

Please note that parent pathways will NOT be populated with the genes of their child pathways, in case of
the custom ontologies.
